h2. Change log

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-4-004: 17/20/2011

* Allowed fallback command support in Cancelled Phase of transition

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-4-003: 17/20/2011

* Upgraded signalCommandMap to include fallback command support
  for GuardedSignalCommandMap in the entered on tearDown phases
* Added Payload object to avoid passing and injection null objects
* Removed the ClassRegistrationError now using StateDecodingError
  from StateMachine-Base v1.3.004

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-4-000: 17/03/2011

* Upgraded signalCommandMap v0.3 to v0.4 which includes the
  GuardedSignalCommandMap
* Changed XML declaration and decoding to enable mapping of
  Guard Classes
* Added referringAction property to IFSMController
* Implemented ITransitionPhase from StateMachine-Base v1.3.000 to create
  enumbs for phases
* Implemented new logging format from StateMachine-Base v1.3.000

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-3-000: 31/12/2010

* SignalTransitionController: Added logging (see Base v 1.2.000).
* SignalTransitionController: Extracted Cancelled-Phase dispatching
  from onTransition to dispatchCancelled method (see Base v 1.2.000).
  This prevents circular cancellations.
* SignalXMLStateDecoder: mapSignals method now allows mapping of
  many Commands to one Signal by delimiting attribute declarations
  with a comma.
* ISignalState: Added property checking so Signals are not lazily
  instantiated by getter.
* SignalState: Implements changes to ISignalState.

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-2-000: 2/12/2010

* FSMController: Added StateTransitionError Throwing for when
  actioning or cancelling transitions from inappropriate phases.
* FSMController: If a transition is actioned during a permitted
  transition phase, then the action is scheduled to be sent
  immediately the transition cycle is over.
* SignalTransitionController: overriden isTransitioning setter
  to pass value on to FSMController.
* SignalTransitionController: sets FSMController's transitionPhase
  property during transition() method.
* TransitionPhases: Const Class for FSMController's transitionPhase
  property.
* Reinstated Extended Signals for better type checking in tests.

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-1-001: 18/11/2010

* SignalStateDecoder: renamed to SignalXMLStateDecoder
* SignalXMLStateDecoder: renamed hasClass to hasCommandClass
* SignalXMLStateDecoder: renamed getClass to getCommandClass

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-1-000: 18/11/2010

* Brought in line with Robotlegs v1.4.0.
* Brought in line with Signals v0.8.0.

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-0-002: 16/11/2010

* FSMController: removed Signal subclasses in favour of Signals.
* SignalState: removed Signal subclasses in favour of Signals.

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-0-001: 16/11/2010

* SignalFSMInjector: added a helper class to simplify injection of the statemachine.
* ISignalFSMController: split into IFSMController and IFSMControllerOwner.
* IFSMController: outward-facing interface, added currentStateName getter.
* IFSMControllerOwner: inward-facing interface, added setCurrentState method.
* FSMController: renamed from SignalFSMController, and implemented new interfaces

