h2. AS3 Signal StateMachine for Robotlegs

An Signal driven StateMachine utility with six transition phases:

version 0.4.004

# *entering guard:* Allows for testing of conditions to assess whether it is permissible to enter the target state. If not, the transition can be cancelled.
# *exiting guard:* The first state-specific phase, it allows for testing of conditions to assess whether it is permissible to leave the current state. If not, the transition can be cancelled.
# *cancelled:* Occurs if the transition is cancelled in either the *entering guard* or the *exiting guard*.
# *teardown:* Occurs after the state has changed, but before the *entered* phase of the target state
# *entered:* the final state-specific phase indicates that the transition to the new state has been successful.
# *changed:* this post-transition phase sends a general notification that the state has changed.

h3. Documentation

* "Documentation":http://statemachine.org/docs/signal_statemachine_for_robotlegs/
* Tutorials - to come

h3. Dependencies:

* "StateMachine Base (v1.3.004):":http://github.com/AS3StateMachine/AS3-StateMachine-Base the base classes for this utility.
* "AS3 Signals (v0.8):":https://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals Robert Penner's AS3 Signals.
* "Robotlegs (v1.4.0):":https://github.com/robotlegs/robotlegs-framework The Robotlegs framework.
* "SignalCommandMap (v0.4):":https://github.com/joelhooks/signals-extensions-CommandSignal Joel Hooks' Robotlegs extention.


h3. Examples:

* "Signal StateMachine for Robotlegs-Prototype:":https://github.com/AS3StateMachine/AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-Prototype a very basic example that doubles as a quick test.


h3. See also:

* "Standard Event StateMachine:":http://github.com/AS3StateMachine/AS3-Standard-Event-StateMachine this extension can be used in any event driven framework (eg Robotlegs).
* "Enhanced Event StateMachine:":http://github.com/AS3StateMachine/AS3-Enhanced-Event-StateMachine this extension can be used in any event driven framework (eg Robotlegs).
* "Standard StateMachine for pureMVC:":http://github.com/AS3StateMachine/AS3-Standard-StateMachine-for-PureMVC replicates the original utilities functionality.

h3. Links:

"StateMachine.org":http:/statemachine.org
"What is a Finite State Machine? (wikipedia definition)":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finite-state_machine
"Robotlegs Website":http://www.robotlegs.org
"PureMVC Website":http://www.puremvc.org

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.